Hi, guys.
Hi, mom.
I picked up my suit
for the wedding.
Now I have to figure out
what you guys are gonna
be wearing.
We'd be wearing a big smile
if we didn't have to go.
I'm the only one of my sisters
who can make it.
We have to represent
the patterson girls.
A lifelong dream of mine.
Oh, come on.
It's gonna be fun.
It's gonna be torture.
We'll be near one of the best
water-skiing lakes
in michigan,
And we'll be stuck
with our boring relatives
the whole time.
My relatives aren't boring.
They're odd.
But that's
what makes them fun.
Mom, what sounds
like more fun -
Water-skiing
or watching aunt edna
take out her teeth?
They're both fun.
If we can fit in any vacation
while we're up in traverse city,
that's great,
But your father and I
have already agreed
That this trip is about
my cousin's wedding.
Hey, hey, guys!
All right.
Cool, boogie boards.
What is all that?
Stuff I borrowed
for the wedding.
And do you plan
to use the boogie board
For the ceremony
or the reception?
I'll just wait to see
what everyone else is doing.
Wow! This is gonna be
a really cool wedding.
Not only that, al's going
up to wilson's cabin.
They're gonna do
some fly-fishing.
We can join those guys.
If there's time,
water-skiing and off-roading.
Rad!
Cool. Off-roading?
That'd be awesome.
There's not gonna be
any time for all that.
Here, guys. You do this.
How much time
does a wedding take?
It's "I do," "I do,"
you cut the cake,
we're on the lake.
No, there's not
just the wedding.
We got the family barbecue,
rehearsal dinner, rehearsal.
And don't forget aunt edna's
surprise birthday brunch.
I'm not gonna miss any
of the family events.
I am really looking forward
to carol and tom's wedding.
Lisa and jeff.
I'm looking forward
to their wedding, too.
Tim, do you have to drive
so fast?
I just want to make sure
I don't miss one minute
of that arrival dinner.
Yeah, right. What activity
are you trying to squeeze in
before the dinner?
Water-skiing?
Absolutely not.
(mark) we're going
fly-fishing.
Mark!
Tim.
(randy) floor it, dad.
Oh, isn't this cute?
It's real cute. Yeah.
Look,
they gave us fruit.
Cute fruit. That's great.
Boys, your room is
through here. Hurry up.
That last pit stop
of your mom's cost us,
like, 12 minutes.
Excuse me. I just
didn't feel comfortable
Using a coffee can
at 55 miles per hour.
That's too bad.
That's one of the perks
of driving by car.
I'll try to remember that
next time.
You sure you don't want
to go fly-fishing with us?
I gotta wash up
and work on that poem
I'm writing for the wedding.
All right.
Tim?
Huh?
Hi! It's great
to see you again.
It is.
You don't know who I am,
do you?
No, I don't.
I'm bonnie,
jill's second cousin.
Uncle tubby's daughter?
Oh, yeah.
Gosh, how is uncle tubby
doing?
He's been dead
for ten years.
So he's doing the same,
then, isn't he?
Right.
Anyway, some good news.
I just put together
an early arrival
cocktail party.
Doesn't that sound
like just too much fun?
Oh, way too much.
I don't think
we can make it...
Hi, bonnie.
Jill!
We'll be there.
Great. It's at 5:00.
I'll see you there.
5:00?
Boys, hurry up.
We only have
an hour and a half
to go fly-fishing,
Thanks to cousin chubby.
Ah, wilson,
this is the life, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Guys communing
with nature.
Mm-hmm.
Getting away
from the city...
And the clutches
of a suffocating,
domineering mother
Who won't allow her son
to grow up.
Let it go, al.
Forget mother.
Immerse yourself
in the tranquility of the river.
You're right, wilson.
It's so peaceful out here.
Why spoil it?
All right, all right!
Hey!
We're finally here!
All right, boys.
Fish fast.
We got 53 minutes,
all right?
(whistles)
Look, it's al al bean.
What's the deal
with these fish?
We haven't had
a single bite.
Dad, we've only been here
seven minutes.
Hey, wilson, can you show us
how to do that forward cast?
Certainly, lad.
You hold your rod
at one o'clock,
And you end up
at ten o'clock.
Dad, he said ten o'clock.
I didn't know he meant
ten o'clock eastern time.
Well, I see you're as adept
at fly-fishing as you were
at ice fishing.
I'll bet you 20 bucks
I can catch more fish
than you.
You're on.
Tim, al, we're not here
to compete.
We're here to achieve
a higher consciousness.
He's right, tim.
By creating a competition,
we insult the spirit
of the river.
I'm so sorry, river.
But you can help me out
by burping up a couple
of them fish, ok?
I have to warn you
that even accomplished fishermen
can spend hours out here
And not catch anything.
Hey, guys, I got one!
Hi. Hey. It's good
to see you all.
We did a little
fly-fishing today.
And, boy, did we catch
a lot of flies!
Here we are,
just like I promised,
with 30 seconds to spare.
You should've taken
that 30 seconds to shower.
(clears throat)
Excuse me. Aunt edna,
good to see you.
All right.
Don't hit me.
Stop hitting me.
Tell her
to stop hitting me.
You're gonna hurt her.
(alarm beeps)
Tim, why are you
getting up so early?
Come back to bed.
I got a lot of fun stuff
to squeeze in today,
And I can't waste time
in bed with you.
(♪ "william tell overture")
"to my cousin lisa
on her wedding day..."
Hey, jill, I -
no, wait. Shh.
"as the gentle wind
kisses the morning dew..."
"everything you say
bounces off me
and sticks to you."
I'm just trying to help.
(clears throat)
"to my cousin lisa
on her wedding day..."
Don't do it! Don't do it!
Don't do it! Don't do it.
What are the boys doing?
Getting their suits on.
We're going water-skiing.
You're going skiing now?
Yeah. The wedding's
not for four hours.
Finish your poetry.
We'll be back in time.
Oh, I am so sick
of working on this poem.
I spent the last two hours
trying to come up with
a rhyme for "matrimony."
It's easy - "schmatrimony."
Thanks. Why didn't I
think of that?
If you're bored with this,
come with us for a bit.
I'll let you drive the boat,
you'll get a little color.
It sure would be fun
to go out with you guys
for a while.
Ok, I'll do it.
All right.
I borrowed
my buddy tony's boat.
It's got that
inboard big block v-8.
Tony's boat. That's the one
with the roller rockers
and the supercharged 454?
How did you know that?
You cry it out in your sleep
at least once a week.
Way to go, brad!
Whoo! Great!
Of course he's great!
He's my kid.
Good goin'!
Hey, we're your kids, too.
How come we fall on our butts?
Hey, I gave you
the water-skiing gene.
What you do with it
is your business.
Attaboy!
Way to go, dad!
Yeah!
Watch this!
(indistinct)
Whoa!
One more time around, ok?
Whoo!
Way to go, dad!
Yeah!
Next time I'll show you guys
what I can really do. Whoo!
(brad) mom,
you're the only one
that didn't ski.
Mom can't water-ski.
What do you mean?
I used to be
a great skier.
Tell 'em, tim.
Yeah, used to be.
It's a little different
than it is now.
Oh, really?
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't be ashamed of it.
You used to be a good athlete.
Now you write poetry
and go to weddings.
All right,
let's head back.
Hey.
We head back
when I say we head back.
Hit it!
Whoo!
Yay, mom! Yeah!
Hey, look up there!
Cool.
If we hurry, we can get
some parasailing in.
Hey, dad,
look out for the ramp!
Tim!
Jill, you don't want to be late
for the wedding.
Are you sure
mom's well enough
to go?
She's fine, ok?
I can't believe this.
I have a bandage on my nose,
a sprained wrist,
my knee is sore
And my butt is
completely black and blue.
You got some color.
Do you think that's funny?!
Not if you don't.
There is no way
that I can show my face
at this wedding.
Ah, darn.
And we so wanted to go.
Do you think that's funny?
Not if you don't.
I could never go to that party
and enjoy myself
Knowing that my mother
was back here suffering.
I know,
it's not funny.
I know.
Comb your hair
and get your ties ready.
Honey, you've gotta go
to this wedding.
Why do I have to go?
I have a -
I have a million reasons.
It's your favorite cousin.
And you'd hate yourself forever
if you didn't go.
Actually, I'd hate you.
I thought of that, too.
I'm really sorry
I wasn't looking
Where I was going
in the boat, ok?
I cannot believe
that I let you talk me
into water-skiing.
You wanted to go.
If you'd let go of the rope,
you wouldn't be hurt now.
You actually think
this is my fault?
Not if you don't.
Honey, you can't let some nicks
and cuts and contusions
Stop you from going.
Heck, if I did that,
I wouldn't go anywhere.
There is no way
that I can get up
In front
of all of these people.
You look great.
And once you put your makeup on,
no one's even gonna notice.
My makeup is on.
Looks quite natural.
(♪ soft guitar)
Everybody's staring at me.
No, they're not.
Then who are they
staring at?
Who do you think?
The star of tool time.
And now lisa's cousin
jill taylor
Has prepared a poem
On the grace and sanctity
of marriage.
Go get 'em, honey.
I'm not going up there.
They're waiting for you.
Come on.
Ow!
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I don't want to do this.
Go, go, go.
Are you all right?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Um... Uh...
To my cousin lisa
on her wedding day.
"as a gentle wind
kisses the morning dew..."
A little louder.
We can't hear you!
"as a gentle wind kisses..."
Let me get - I'll take -
I'll just move -
excuse me. Excuse me.
Ow!
It's gonna be
a long ride home.
Honey, you know it's true
what they say.
No matter how great
the vacation,
It's always good
to be home, huh?
Don't touch me.
Don't... Touch me.
Always good to be home.
Well, guys,
I think there's something
we can all learn from this.
Yeah, that a nose
can be broken more
than once in a day.
I don't think that's it.
Dad, mom is never
gonna forgive you
for this one.
I'm just glad we got
one great weekend in
Before everything came
to a crashing end.
Yeah. I had a lot of fun.
Sorry you're so dead, dad.
I am not dead.
I've got a million ideas
up here how to make this up
to your mom.
Are any of them good?
Not a one.
That's 454 at the...
Supercharged roller rockers.
Tony... Hit it, tony!
That's 454...
Tim.
454...
Tony! Ton- honey, hi.
Boy, I was having
a good dream.
What are you doing down here?
You never came to bed.
I was afraid if I rolled over,
I'd finish you off.
I really feel bad you got
all banged up this weekend.
Yeah, me too.
It would've been nice
to show up at the wedding
Without any
hairline fractures.
You wouldn't have
got hurt at all
If I weren't so obsessed
with having fun.
Well, I gotta admit
that's another thing
that really made me mad.
You guys
got to have all the fun.
Well, look, I promise you,
next family wedding we go to,
We'll all have no fun
together.
What is all this stuff?
Oh. Well, I wrote you
a little poem.
Maybe... Maybe you'd like
to listen to it before you
start laughing at me.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(clears throat)
"I was going to buy you jewelry
and maybe some flowers.
"instead, I stayed up
till the wee morning hours,
"thinking about
how lucky I am.
"boy, I'm hungry.
I feel like ham.
"my selfishness
I will try to conquer.
"I'm sorry I bopped you
on your honker.
"I'll love you forever,
even when you're old.
If you don't like this poem,
I've got the florist on hold."
All right, dad. Now, remember,
one o'clock, ten o'clock.
One o'clock, ten o'clock.
Let me have this thing.
You count, ok?
(whistles)
What are you guys
doing?
Just getting a little
fly-fishing practice in
before church.
Well, honey, hurry up.
We're gonna be late.
All right.
Just one more.
Tim!